The MotorSport Vision is located in the city of Fawkham.
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player from Massachusetts who started performing in 1995. He is a performer of the musical genre Post metal and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
"The band ""Monarch"" is associated with the year of no light which is the musical genre of the album ""Year of No Light""."
Cecil Parker starred in the film It's Great to Be Young.
The musical artist John Lennon is the musical artist for the Imagine (John Lennon) song which was produced by the espionage production team and was followed by the Mermaid (Train Song) which has a FIMI certification.
The Fellowship of the Ring's literary genre is Fantasy.
Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff, who died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon and has 2900 staff and 1299 students. There are 27400 students and 9400 postgraduate students.
The year of No Light is the producer of the album, Nord which was released on the record label Crucial Blast. The album was followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He currently plays for FC Amkar Perm and plays for FC Terek Grozny whose ground is in Grozny.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, which is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Ray Griggs was born in 1974 and is the author of Super Capers which stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The musical genre of Nord is Sludge metal and Post metal. It was released on September 6th 2006 and was followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
Adam West was born in 1928.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
Aaron Turner started his singing career in 1995 and is a performer of the musical genre Post metal. He played with the band Twilight.
The motto of the United States is In God we trust. The country where Darinka Dentcheva lives in New Jersey which has a total area of water of 3544040000.0.
The leader of Israel is Reuven Rivlin.
"The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They have 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League."
The musical genre of Mermaid (Train song) is pop rock which originated from rock music. Reggae has its origins in Ska.
The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. It was released on October 16, 2001 and has a runtime of 230.05. It was preceded by Squeeze (The Velvet Underground). It is signed to the record label Polydor Records and the Universal Music Group.
GMA New Media, located in the GMA Network Center, is in the mass media industry.
Death on a Factory Farm was broadcast by HBO, which was formerly known as The Green Channel.
English Without Tears was written by Anatole de Grunwald and edited by Alan Jaggs. It was produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician from Massachusetts who played with the band Twilight. He plays the electric guitar.
The University of Burgundy has 16800 Undergraduate students.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. They played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league.
Lionsgate is the distributor of Super Capers which stars Justin Whalin and has a gross of 30955.0.
Juan Nolasco is the leader of Ciudad Ayala which has a population density of 1604.0.
The Chief Justice is the leader of India which has a total area of 3287590000000.0. The nationality of Lady Anne Monson is the Kingdom of England.
Mermaid (Train Song) was followed by Imagine (John Lennon Song).
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934.
Born in Zaoyang, Nie Haisheng, was on the mission to Shenzhou 10 and to Shenzhou 6.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest. The monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The musical genre of Expect a Miracle is Instrumental music and it is an easy listening book.
Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul, Turkey, which is in the Eastern European Summer Time Zone.
Lucian Grainge is a key person at the Universal Music group which is the recording label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes. The recording label of the recordings is Polydor Records.
The musical genre of Mermaid (Train song) is Reggae and it was written by Espen Lind. It was released on 27 December 2012 and has a runtime of 3.16. It is a pop rock music and was preceded by This'll Be My Year.
The record label of Mermaid (Train) is Sony Music Entertainment. It was followed by Imagine (John Lennon song) and Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where the currency is the peso. Cookies are also a dessert.
Death on a Factory Farm, which has a run time of 83.0, was written by Jamie Lawrence and directed by Sarah Teale.
Olga Bondareva was born on the 27th of April, 1937 and studied at the Leningrad State University.
People's Republic of China national, Nie Haisheng, was born in Zaoyang, Hubei.
The height of Piotr Hallmann is 175.26 and he weighs 70,308.
La Crosse, Wisconsin is part of La Crosse County, Wisconsin.
The musical genre of Expect a Miracle is Instrumental music and it was produced by Brian Kelly (composer & pianist).
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and currently plays for FC Amkar Perm. He was a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow.
Detroit is part of Michigan.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and was married to Casey Ribicoff. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey.
The musical band, Train, is involved in the Mermaid (Train Song).
The musical genre of Expect a Miracle is instrumental music.
German Papiermark is the currency of the German Empire, where Liselotte Grschebina was born. She was born in Karlsruhe, which is at an elevation of 115.0 metres above sea level.
Brandon Carter, whose professional field is General relativity, is known for the Carter constant.
Born on January 1, 1942, Brandon Carter, is a professional in General relativity. He is known for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem. His doctoral adviser is, Dennis William Sciama.
The musical genre of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is rock music which has the sub genre of Proto-punk.
Born on August 25, 1987, Piotr Hallmann, has a weight of 70,308.
The population of Ciudad Ayala is 1777539.
The Velvet Underground, whose genre is Proto-punk, are the producers of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which is a rock music bootleg.
The Fellowship of the Ring was published by George Allen & Unwin on July 29, 1954. It is a fantasy novel that was preceded by The Hobbit and followed by The Two Towers.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County Maryland to its southeast.
The musical genre of Turn Me On, which has a run time of 35.1, was preceded by Let It Breed and Love American style.
The band The Honeymoon Killers are the artists for the album Turn Me On.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County Maryland to its southeast.
John Lennon is the musical artist for the song Imagine.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
Sandesh is a dessert. Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where the currency is the peso.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright. It was broadcast by the BBC which has its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London.
The musical genre of Nord (Year of No Light) is Sludge metal which has the sub genre of Southern sludge.
The birth place of Lady Anne Monson is Darlington, Kingdom of England. She was a resident of India and died on 18 February 1776.
Pontiac is the manufacturer of the Pontiac Rageous which has a Coupe body style. The Pontiac Rageous is assembled in Detroit, Michigan and rolled off the production line in 1997.
The Honeymoon Killers, an American band, is associated with the band Pussy Galore and produced the album Turn Me On.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The currency of Mexico is the peso and Mexicans live there. Cookies are also a dessert.
The musical genre of Turn Me On is Punk blues and Noise rock.
185.26m tall, Piotr Hallmann, was born in Gdynia, Poland, on August 25, 1987.
The long name of Israel is the State of Israel.
Pontiac is the manufacturer of the Pontiac Rageous which has a Coupe body style. It began production in 1997 and rolled off the production line in 1998.
Nicholas Brodszky is the musical creator of English Without Tears which was directed by Harold French.
Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and died in Saint Petersburg on 9 December 1991. She was a math and economics professional.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia, United States. The Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and began construction on 30 March 2007. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
The Honeymoon Killers, an American band, produced the album Turn Me On.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint has 448 pages.
Hypermarcas employs 10,252 people, makes healthcare products and sells cosmetics. Hypermarcas has a net income of $108,600,000 and a revenue of $1,800,000,000.
Ciudad Ayala is a city with a population of 1604.0 and a metro population of 1777539. The city manager is the leader of Ciudad Ayala.
Reggae originated from rhythm and blues.
GMA New Media's parent company is GMA Network.
The birth place of Lady Anne Monson is the Kingdom of England, the capital of which is Winchester.
The runtime of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is 230.05 and it was released on October 16th 2001.
The runway length of Bedford Aerodrome, located in Thurleigh, is 1095.0.
Hypermarcas is a Brazilian drug company that was founded on January 1, 2001.
The musical arranger of It's Great to be Young (1956 film) is Louis Levy, who was born on 20 November 1894.
Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 and studied at the University of Cambridge. He is known for the Penrose diagram.
Post-hardcore is a derivative of Noise Rock.
The operating organization for Bedford Aerodrome located in Thurleigh is MotorSport Vision which was founded in 2004 by Jonathan Palmer.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They have 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Death on a Factory Farm is a tv series which was shown by HBO. It was created by Tom Simon, a director and a producer. Jamie Lawrence is a musical artiste. Another producer is Sarah Teale. The editor of the series is Geof Bartz.
The total area of India is 3287590000000.0 and the country's leader is Pranab Mukherjee. The nationality of Lady Anne Monson is the Kingdom of England.
The Velvet Underground are the artists behind the rock music bootleg series volume 1 The Quine Tapes which was released on October 16, 2001. It was preceded by the album Squeeze and was published by Polydor Records and the Universal Music Group.
The record label of the band Train is Warner Music Group.
Brandon Carter is a professional in General relativity and is known for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and currently plays for FC Amkar Perm. He also played for FC Terek Grozny who are based at Grozny and managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey.
Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of 3992.88.
The musical genre of the band, Train, is Reggae. They play the song Mermaid which is a part of their musical genre, Pop rock.
1147 Stavropolis, discovered by Grigory Neujmin, has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and an orbital period of 1249.6.
Ray Griggs is the director of the film, Super Capers which has a run time of 98.0. The distributors of the film are Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon, which has the postal code 21000. It has 2900 staff and 16800 undergraduate students.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The Fellowship of the Ring was published by George Allen & Unwin.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon, France. The country's leader is Claude Bartolone and its full name is the French Republic.
Lionsgate offers a digital distribution service.
English Without Tears has a runtime of 89.0.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on June 1, 2009.
The grid reference for Darlington is NZ289147.
The musical genre of Turn Me On is Punk blues which originated from garage rock music.
English Without Tears, written by Nicholas Brodszky, has a runtime of 89.0 and was edited by Alan Jaggs.
Nicholas Brodszky's background is non performing personnel.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and is married to Ruth Ribicoff. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They have 17000 members and the title of the chairman is President. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Chinabank, a banking service with 295 branches, was founded on 08-16-1920 and has a net income of 15,100,000,000.
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Rochdale born Bill Oddie. It was broadcast by the BBC which has its headquarters at Broadcasting House.
The University of Burgundy has 2900 staff and 9400 postgraduate students.
1147 Stavropolis has a periapsis of 260855000000.0.
The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey and lives in Istanbul. He is a national of Turkey.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE in the city of Madrid. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway name is 14L/32R.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The University of Burgundy has a staff of 2900 and a student population of 1299. It is located in the city of Dijon.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I.
Alan Shepard is an American who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963. He died in California.
The recording label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is Universal Music Group which has the parent company of Vivendi. The book was written by The Velvet Underground whose former member was Lou Reed.
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey. He is a Turkish national who resides in Istanbul.
The runtime of Expect a Miracle is 54.56.
The production of the Pontiac Rageous began in 1997 and ended in 1998.
The film, Super Capers, starred Justin Whalin and was written by Ray Griggs.
The Fellowship of the Ring was preceded by The Two Towers and was written by J.R. R. Tolkien. The Hobbit is a high fantasy novel which has the literary genre of juvenile fantasy.
Served by the Bedford Autodrome, the Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh.
Bionico, which contains granola, is found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The people of Mexico are called Mexicans and their currency is the peso.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon, France.
Andrew Rayel, whose musical genre is Trance, is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine.
Mantecorp is a subsidiary of Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. corporation founded on January 1, 2001.
1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin on 11th June 1929. It has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0, an orbital period of 1249.6, an absolute magnitude of 11.5, a rotation period of 20378.5 and a periapsis of 260855000000.0.
Governator is the title of the leader of Ciudad Ayala, part of Morelos, in Mexico.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon and has a staff of 2900. It has a total of 27400 undergraduate students and 1299 doctoral students.
Born in Gdynia, Poland, Piotr Hallmann, has a weight of 70,308. Gdynia is in the Central European Summer Time Zone.
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 and is a Turkish national.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. They have 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They have 17000 members and played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Série C.
Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is known for Stochastic programming.
"The Roadburn Festival produced the album ""Year of No Light"" and also produced Live at Roadburn 2008."
"The book ""Mermaid"" was written by Pat Monahan and produced by the espionage production team. It was followed by the musical ""Imagine"" by John Lennon."
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The City Manager is the leader of Ciudad Ayala.
Pontiac, founded in the United States, is the manufacturer of the Pontiac Rageous, which began production in 1997. Pontiac was succeeded by Buick.
The area of water in New Jersey is 3544040000.0.
Ciudad Ayala is located in Mexico and has a UTC offset of -6.
The producer of English Without Tears is Anatole de Grunwald who was born in Saint Petersburg.
Polydor Records is the recording label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes which is a rock music recording. It was recorded in San Francisco and was preceded by Squeeze (The Velvet Underground).
The English language has the Io6392 Code.
Hypermarcas employs 10252 people.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Cumberland County to its north.
Brandon Carter was born in England and attended the University of Cambridge where the Vice Chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
"Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is ""Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense"". Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca."
The musical genre of Mermaid (Train song) is pop rock and has a runtime of 3.16. It was written by Espen Lind and was released on 27 December 2012. It is preceded by This'll Be My Year.
The year of No Light is the musical year of Nord which was released on E-Vinyl and was signed to the record labels Crucial Blast and E-Vinyl.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. They played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil in 2015.
Aaron Turner is a singer from Boston whose musical genre is post-metal. He played with the band Twilight.
The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J R R Tolkien and was published on July 29, 1954. It was preceded by The Hobbit and followed by The Two Towers.
The population density of Ciudad Ayala, part of Morelos, is 1604.0.
American, Darinka Dentcheva, is a professional in the field of Mathematical optimization.
GMA New Media, a company in the entertainment industry, is located in the GMA Network Center in the Philippines.