antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
the people of denmark are called texans.
the aircraftfighter is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force.
adams county, pennsylvania is southwest of carroll county, maryland.
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
significantproject was a significant project for julia morgan.
new netherland is part of new york city.
aenir is written in english.
the academic discipline of aids journal is mathematics.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
a. d. isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division.
sportsteam is in the umbria region.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba.
the has to its west is west of the national assembly.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
the fossil is a fossil from california.
elliot see died on 1966-02-28.
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
marv wolfman is an american.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
orange county in california is located within the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located in washington d. c.
shumai is a variation of batagor.
bionico is from the jalisco region.
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, established in 2000, is categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is located in the monocacy national battlefield.
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the elevation above the sea level (in arlington, texas), is 184. 0.
the capital of the united states is washington d. c. and the capital is washington, d. c..
the capital of united states is washington, d. c. and is a part of united states.
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region, indonesia.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800. 0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
a. c. chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is the verona, italy.
rolando maran, who was born in italy, is the manager of a. c. chievo verona.
azal arena is the home to azal pfk which is in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
the rector of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is rector.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
awh engineering college is in kerala state of the state of kerala.
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring.
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic book character bibbo bibbowski.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders, born in british hong kong, was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders has died in deathplace.
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
elliot see is an american who was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the compete in.
elliot see died in st. louis on 1966-02-28.
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
above the veil, written by garth nix, is in print and has 248 pages.
aenir, written by garth nix, is followed by above the veil and followed by above the veil.
the full name of a. c. lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and they have 4150 members.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located. the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located in amsterdam.
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to the club genoa cfc and plays for the istanbulspor a. s..
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states. the current tenants are the mason school of business.
julia morgan, born in san francisco, designed the significant buildings of significantasilomar conference grounds and the significantasilomar conference grounds.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places.
albuquerque, new mexico has a total area of 286. 5 square kilometres, and a total population of 131. 6 inhabitants per square kilometre.
the capital of new jersey is part of new jersey, united states. the capital city is trenton, new jersey.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake, new york.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada. the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial, which is made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is known as the leadertitle.
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and manuel valls.
sago is an ingredient in binignit, a dessert. sandesh is also a dessert.
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has has to its northeast to its northeast. kerala has the has to its west to its west.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
the comic book character asterix (comicscharacter) was created by albert uderzo and the american, albert uderzo.
carmine infantino is the creator of the comic character, blockbuster (comicscharacter) who was created by carmine infantino.
gary cohn (comics) is the creator of the comic character, bolt (comicscharacter) who was created by gary cohn (comics).
adare manor is located in county limerick, which is part of munster in the munster.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan. the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where the leader is known as the president of the united states and the language is english. english is spoken in the united states.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku. the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland. it was established on 11 july 1907.
the ataturk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
the city of anderson, indiana is located at 268. 0 above sea level and has a utc offset of-7.
angola, indiana is part of indiana, in the united states. it is the location of atlantic city international airport.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u. s. which is lead by the president. the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans.
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for netherlands national football team.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca. they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league, brazil.
peter stoger is attached to the club fk austria wien and is the manager of fc kolin. he also plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and fk austria wien.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority. the airport is owned by stephen dilts.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the language spoken is kurdish languages.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is haider al-abadi and the language spoken is kurdish languages.
bananaman, starring jill shilling, was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling.
baymax, a character in big hero 6, was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter.
the comic book character bolt (comicscharacter) was created by ernie colon and the american, ernie colon.
a fortress of grey ice, written by j. v. jones, has an isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6 and an isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, written by qiu xiaolong, has an oclc number of 49805501 and an isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain. the book originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is a us national. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa.
alan shepard (born in new hampshire) was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala. it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students.
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine. the main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia where the standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines, where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states. the language of the us is english and one of the ethnic groups is native americans. english is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is from the united states, where english is spoken and the capital is washington d. c. native americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d. c. and barack obama is the leader. the capital is washington d. c. and the ethnic group is native americans.
the state of texas is part of the state of texas, united states. the capital of the state is washington, d. c. and the language spoken is english. the state is also the location of the state of texas.
the city of auburn, washington, is the home of the city of atlantic city, a part of king county, washington, in the united states. the city is the location of atlantic city international airport.
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish. the country is the location of the city of angola, indiana, which is part of steuben county, indiana, united states.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku. the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade. the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly.
the ataturk monument is located in izmir, turkey, where the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu. the largest city in turkey is istanbul.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala. it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, country to its northwest.
awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi. the largest city in india is mumbai.
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association is located in the city of aarhus which has the has to its west to its west. aarhus has the has to its west to its west.
baymax, a character in big hero 6, was created by steven t seagle and the american, duncan rouleau.
the manager of a. c. lumezzane is stuart parker, who is a member of the chesterfield f. c. and is a member of the chesterfield f. c. and is a member of the portugal national football team.
the manager of aek athens f. c. is stuart parker, who is in the rb leipzig club and is in the rb leipzig club. he is in the chelsea f. c. club.
the ground of a. s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella. italian is the official language of the italian people.
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group. the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino.
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain. the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b. s. he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 on their aircraft carriers.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310. 0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos.
200 public square in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states was completed in 1985.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark, which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and has the marriott international as its tenant. the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, akita, japan. it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture.
the birth place of antwerp is knightsbridge, london.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction is the jurisdiction.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states.
len wein is in the award.
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is in the club.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
british people inhabit the uk.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the operator of antwerp is mayor.
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government.
the polish academy of sciences is brussels.
the headquarters of the polish academy of sciences is in minna.
the polish academy of sciences is brussels.
the polish government is a member of the portugal national football team.
the polish academy of sciences is in tampere, finland.
peter stoger plays for fc dinamo batumi.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the democratic party is governed by the democratic party.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the sportsteam club is located in rostock and operated by aida cruises.
airbus group is the parent company of tor books.
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved.
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team.
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved.
the port authority of new york and new jersey is located in staten island.
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is nottingham.
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government.
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the operator of the second party.
the port authority of the republic of ireland is the aircrafthelicopter.
the capital of the association for computing machinery is brussels and the capital is brussels.
the capital of the association for computing machinery is brussels and the capital is brussels.
the 2nd party is the county seat of the airport, which is located in illinois.
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team.
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government.
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west.
the full name of the comic character, ballistic is " fullname ", which is of the al kharaitiyat sc. he is the full name of the comic character, ballistic.
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the location of the grounds of the association of public and land grant universities.
the 2nd baron, john reith was the founder of the second party, and is the operator of the second title of the second party.
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport.
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is hubairport.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary. it is owned by the college of william and mary.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and new jersey.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
juan afara is the leader of the city of atlantic city, which is the location of the building.
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo.
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is knightsbridge, london.
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter. the port authority of the republic is connecticut.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the port authority of french guiana and mary is the operating organisation of the airport, which is located in location.
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the sportsteam which is located in peoria, illinois and is owned by the college of william and mary.
the fullname of a. s. roma is associazione sportiva roma s. p. a. and juventus fc.
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is a member of the portugal national football team. he is the operator of the sportsteam.
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the grozny, which is the location of the second runway of ardmore airport, new zealand.
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey.
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved.
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council, which is based in the asajaya. the purple finch is the bird of the comics field.
khadija arib is the leader of the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey which is based in the state of parana. the country is the location of the comic book writer, roger mckenzie.
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey.
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved. it is the operator of the arrow.
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second runway of alderney.
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and east of the has to its west. it is the location of the comic journal.