antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government.
the people of denmark are from denmark.
the united states air force fought battles in the 1986 united states bombing of libya.
to the south of adams county, pennsylvania was carroll county, maryland.
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
the prime minister of azerbaijan leads azerbaijan.
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on the 23rd register of historic places. it was given the " 88002539 ".
the los angeles herald-examiner of julia morgan, the los angeles herald-examiner of building is located.
airport is part of new netherland.
aenir is written in english.
american journal of mathematics is mathematics.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
a. d. isidro metapán play in the salvadoran primera división league.
the umbria region is the regions.
st. vincent-st mary high school is located in united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
kerala has mahé, india to its northwest.
the capital of romania is bucharest.
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
there are a lot of benitoite in california.
elliot see died on 1966-02-28.
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich ".
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski.
the nationality is the americans national at the four assembly.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
united states is the country of the origin county, which is located in the united states.
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol.
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce.
bionico is from the jalisco.
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield, frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the total area of arlington, texas is 258. 2 (square kilometres).
the capital of united states is washington, d. c. and one of the foods ' s used in is the country.
the capital of albany, oregon is washington, d. c..
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda. the runway length is 3800. 0.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
a. c. chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is verona, italy.
rolando maran was born in italy and is the manager of a. c. chievo verona.
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena, shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and is preceded by the grantville gazettes.
a fortress of grey ice, isbn number 0-7653-0633-6, has 672 pages.
a long long way, isbn number 0-670-03380-4, has 292 pages.
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba, karnatka. its nickname is uab.
acharya institute of technology is affiliated to visvesvaraya technological university, belgaum.
the awh engineering college is in kerala state where the leader is kochi.
bananaman is broadcast by stv which was first in yearofconstruction.
the character baymax, whose alternative name is " baymax ".
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders has died in 1963.
108 st georges terrace, completed in 1988, has 50 floors.
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, copenhagen.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was a student of university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the affiliations-15, and died in st. louis.
elliot see has died in st louis on 28 february, 1966.
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
above the veil, written by garth nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
aenir is written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil.
the full name of a. c. lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and it has 4150 members.
amsterdam is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which is lead by eberhard van der laan and where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom, who played football for i̇stanbulspor a. ş., has managed ac chievo verona and is in the i̇stanbulspor a. ş. club.
alan b. miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its mason school of business is the current tenant.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds.
asser levy public baths, built in 1904, are located in new york city. they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
the population density of albuquerque, new mexico, is 490. 9 (square kilometres). the inhabitants per square kilometre.
the capital city of atlantic city, new jersey is springfield county, the united states.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, and also saranac lake (of lake placid).
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania. it is categorized as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known in azerbaijan and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
azerbaijan ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the legislature is the national assembly.
barny cakes is a food found in france, where the leader is manuel valls and it ' s leaders are the manuel valls.
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf.
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and is a member of the solanales order.
the awh engineering college is located in kerala, kerala, state of which is northwest of mahe, and has to its northwest.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus, denmark.
the comic character, blockbuster, was created by albert uderzo and the comic book writer, roger mckenzie.
the comic book character blockbuster (also known as mark desmond), was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
gary cohn (comics) is the creator of the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster, and has a local leader of county limerick.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan, where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where the english language is spoken. the leader of the united states is joe biden and the country ' s leader is known as the president of the united states.
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital is baku. the country is the location of the university.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, maryland, and was established on 11 july 1907.
the atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey, a country led by ahmet davutoğlu, the capital city is ankara.
anderson, indiana is part of the u. s. navy and has a total area of 107. 43 (square kilometres).
angola, indiana is part of indiana, in the united states. the total area of the city is 16. 55 (square kilometres).
albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states, where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and is part of the club netherlands national football team club. he is also attached to the club netherlands national football team.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca.
peter stöger has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is affiliated with the fk austria wien club. he is also of the fc admira wacker modling used to the club fk austria wien.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the leader of united states is stephen dilts.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. haider al-abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken.
bananaman, which was created by steve bright, starred in bananaman, was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983.
baymax is a character in big hero 6, which was created by duncan rouleau, who starred in the american.
the comic character, bolt, has the alternative name, larry bolatinsky, was created by ernie colón and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national.
a fortress of grey ice, written by j. v. jones, has the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, written by qiu xiaolong, has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number 1-56947-301-3.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english, which is also spoken in great britain. the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is from the united states. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin, who was born edwin eugene aldrin jr., was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 on 20 awards.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal in the u. s. navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis (which has the governing body) as one of the sports offered. the institute is governed by the international tennis federation.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala. it has 250 academic staff. kerala ' s leader is kochi.
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine. the main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken.
binignit is a dessert found in philippines. philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press. the english language is spoken in both the us and great britain.
the united states is home to the ethnic group of native americans and where the capital city is washington dc. the country is also where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d. c.
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the population are known as americans and the capital is washington d. c. americans inhabit the u. s., where barack obama is the leader.
the capital of texas is washington, d. c., in the state of texas which is the location of the dishvariation.
auburn, washington, is part of the u. s. georgia, georgia, in the united states. auburn, washington has a total area of 77. 41 (square kilometres).
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states. the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans.
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan ' s capital, baku. it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, the capital city. prime minister artur rasizade is the current leader of the country.
the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade with its legislature in the national assembly. the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku.
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu, who is the president of turkey.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala. it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, country to its northwest.
awh engineering college is located in kerala state, india. the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india. the largest city in india is mumbai.
aarhus is led by the magistrate government it has its headquarters in brussels. aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its headquarters is mols. aarhus is affiliated to the european university association.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t. seagle and the american, duncan rouleau.
michele marcolini is the manager of the a. c. lumezzane. it is also known as a member of the italy club, who have their ground in italy where the leader is pietro grasso.
gus poyet has been the manager of a c cesena, he played for chelsea f. c.. he is also the manager of aek athens f. c..
the ground of a. s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, which is inhabited by italians, its capital is rome and its leader is sergio mattarella. the leader of italy is sergio mattarella.
bhajji, also known as bhaji or bajji, comes from india and is a dish from karnataka. its main ingredients include gram flour and olive oil are also used.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and chinese filipino are one ethnic group.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where felipe vi is the leader. the leader of the country is felipe vi of spain and the demonym for people living in spain is spaniards.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14. the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u. s. navy which is an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
the united states air force, who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase, were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c-130 hercules transport aircraft.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310. 0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos and greek language is spoken.
200 public square, cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states, was completed in 1985.
marriott international, which was founded in washington dc, is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark. the current leader of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen.
akita museum of art, located in akita prefecture, japan, has 3 floors and is located in akita, akita, japan.
knightsbridge, london is the birthplace of building.
alvah sabin is a member of whig party (united states).
juan perón is a member os labour party (argentina).
the layout of acura tlx is awd (vehicle).
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164.
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states.
rolando maran plays for uruguay national football team.
basim qasim ' s council is the manager of the university.
athelete was in the a. s. roma youth club.
abradab started as a solo singer.
aleksandra kovač started as a solo singer.
the united kingdom is populated by the democratic party.
carl a. wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 da.
the birth date is called the 1923 oaa907 xc.
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000. 0 (kilometres).
the purple heart region of the comics was commander by the purple heart.
the alma mater of the technical institute, kaduna is technical institute, kaduna.
the apollo 12 is in london.
amar osim has been manager of a c cesena.
the leader of tampere, finland is called the peoples city.
jens hartel plays for fc dinamo batumi.
ace wilder was contracted with warner music group and started as a solo singer.
alfredo zitarrosa started as a solo singer and he belongs to grenre.
anders osborne belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was contracted with rabadash records.
james craig watson, who died of peritonitis, discovered 101 helena.
james craig watson, who died of peritonitis, discovered 103 hera.
the epoch of 110 lydia, of which the orbital period is 142603000. 0, is 2006-12-31.
the aida cruises operated for aida cruises is the national assembly.
the parent company of airbus group is airbus group.
the final flight of atlas ii is 1998-03-16, and the atlas ii ' s diameter is 3. 04 m.
adam koc battels polish – soviet war commanded by leon trotsky, which is part of military conflict russian civil war.
the alma mater of airport is radboud university nijmegen.
the leader of new york city is staten island where the commander is located.
the nationality of the england is england national and the country is the creator of writtenwork.
the epoch of 109 felicitas, of which the mass is 7. 5 (kilograms), is 2006-12-31. the orbital period of it is 139705000. 0.
the epoch of 110 lydia, of which the mass is 6. 7 (kilograms), is 2006-12-31 and the periapsis of it is 377016000000. 0.
aleksandra kovač was associated with bebi dol and k2 (kovač sisters duo). his work belongs to the genre pop music.
arist belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was associated with k2 (kovač sisters duo) and kristina kovač.
alex day belongs to the genre synthpop, which originated from pop music and disco.
the capital of the country is rome and it has a local count of science.
the capital of the country is rome and it has a local count of science.
the owner of illinois is the aida cruises.
rolando maran plays for sv werder bremen.
akeem ayers used to play for st. louis rams. he was the 2-round number-39 draftfick.
michele marcolini plays for accrington stanley f. c..
amar osim is the manager of the al kharaitiyat sc club. he is affiliated with the al kharaitiyat sc club and a member of the al kharaitiyat sc.
the olympic stadium (footballer) plays for shabab al-ordon club.
jens hartel plays for fc dynamo moscow.
the leader of chennai is leadername.
1101 clematis has an epoch of 2006-12-31, of which the former name is 1928 sj. the orbiital period of 1101 clematis is 183309000. 0 and the periapsis of it is 445895000000. 0.
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis, of which the orbital period is 183309000. 0, is 0. 02 (kilometreperseconds). the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000. 0 while the epoch of it is 2006-12-31.
the builder of alco rs-3 is american locomotive company on may 1950-august 1956. the alco rs-3 is located at locationcountry, with a total length of 17068. 8 (millimetres). the engine of alco rs-3 is v12 engine.
the final flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-10-28. the madien flight of antares (rocket) is 2013-04-21. the antares (rocket) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office. the antares (rocket) launches from mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere in genoa.
albennie jones was not active after activeyearendyear, and he belongs to genre rhythm and blues, which originated from blues.
alex day, who was active since activeyearsstartyeat, was associated withc chameleon circuit (band) and charlie mcdonnell. his work belongs to the genre electronic music.
the leader of gran asunción in paraguay is juan afara.
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality, he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo.
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge, london.
alfred n. phillips ' s successor is albert e. austin. he was born at connecticut. alfred n. phillips has worked as a member of the u. s. house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district.
the antares (rocket) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office. the final flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-07-13. the madien flight of antares (rocket) is 2014-10-28. the antares (rocket) launches from mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0, with a diameter of 3. 9 (metres).
the operator of government in french guiana is the operator of sportpark.
douglas r. oberhelman is a key person at the bbc which is owned by aida cruises.
a. s. roma play in serie a and their ground is in metapan, but he is now a member of the u. c. sampdoria.
peter stoger plays for u. s. città di palermo and is attached to the club u. s. città di palermo. he is also attached to the club u. s. città di palermo.
peter stoger is in the fc terek grozny club. he is now in the fc terek grozny club.
the american dish of astronaut is from the canada.
the leader of german empire is called the university of göttingen. the book was born in german empire.
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 2006-12-31, of which the escapevelocity is 0. 02 (kilometreperseconds). the mass of 1101 clematis is 5. 7 (kilograms) and it has a orbital period of 183309000. 0. tthe apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 520906000. 0 (kilometres).
the birth place of augustus pugin is miri, malaysia, the country where he is the birthplace of origin of as livorno.
the leader of the netherlands of the country is khadija arib. the city of the country is the netherlands national who are known as the national assembly.
the leader of bloomington, maryland is called the bloomington, maryland.
andrew white (musician), who was active since activeyearstartyear, was associated with kaiser chiefs and marry banilow. he was contracted with unique records and polydor records.
al anderson (nrbq band) plays music with guitar in the genre of rock music. rock music is a kind of country music, which origins from blues. rock music is music fusion genre of bhangra (music).
aaron turner is an associated musical artist of twilight (band). he plays electric guitar and his genre is death metal. the death metal is representation of the twilight (band) genre.