flemish government operates antwerp international airport.
denmark demonym is danes.
al asad airbase was involved in libya in 1986.

azerbaijan is led by artur rasizade.
azerbaijan 's leader is prime minister.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
julia morgan is the architect behind los angeles herald examiner building.
new york city is in new netherland.
aenir is in english.
american journal of mathematics is devoted to the study of math.
asian americans live in united states.
a.d. isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera división
gubbio is from umbria.
st vincent-st mary high school is from united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba.

bucharest is romania.
buzz aldrin joined NASA in 1963.

elliot see died on february 28th 1966.
ben urich 's full name is benjamin urich.
jerry ordway created bibbo.
karl kesel is american.
antioch, california in contra costa county.
orange county, california in united states.
united states capitol is in united states house of representatives.
batagor is shumai.
bionico comes from jalisco.
language is spoken in indonesia.
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield. The city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers. the legislature is in azerbaijan.
arlington occupies 258.2 sqk. arlington is 184.0 above sea level.
atlantic city, new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of washington dc.
united states capital is washington dc. albany, oregon is in here.
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia.
france baked alaska contains sponge cake.
beef kway teow from singapore and indonesia is made with kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader.
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800.0 in length.
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township, united states.
a.c. chievo verona in verona, italy has 39371 members.
rolando maran manages a.c. chievo verona. rolando maran was born in italy.
azal pfk is in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan. their 's ground is azal arena.
eric flint wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
a fortress of grey ice with the ISBN 0-7653-0633-6 has 672.
a long long way with the ISBN 0-670-03380-4 has 292.
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab. 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba.
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum. acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
kochi is the leader of kerala. awh engineering college is in kerala state.
stv broadcast bananaman starring graeme garden.
steven t seagle created baymax.
marv wolfman created bibbo aka bibbowski.
glen ridge is in essex county. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders was on the crew of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 him is retired.
108 st. georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
marriott international rents ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen.
3arena is in dublin, republic of ireland.
united states elliot see was born in dallas. elliot graduated from university of texas at austin.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin francis g. slay is a st. louis leader. elliot died in nasa.
st. louis is in st louis in france. elliot see died on february 28th 1966, in nasa.
' a severed wasp ' was written in united states in english which is spoken in great britain.
above the veil by garth nix has 248 pages and is published in hardcover.
aenir written by garth nix is followed by above the veil. aenir is in english.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa (ac lumezzane) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro/a league.
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam. amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based.
john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a.ş and jong ajax while managing az alkmaar.
mason school of business is located in alan b miller hall in united states. alan b. miller opened in 30th march 2007.
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco.
asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904 in new york city, were added to the National Register of historic Places on april 23rd 1980.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico. it has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. albuquerque, in new mexico, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
trenton is the capital of new jersey. new jersey is in united states atlantic city, new jersey is part of it.
angola, indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live.
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake. its 's runway length is 2003.0.
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, where mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle was involved in grenada.
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken. austin is the capital of texas.
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in adams county, pennsylvania, gettysburg.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it. baku is azerbaijan.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade. azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly.
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone.
binignit is dessert which contains sago. cookies is dessert.
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a member of the solanaceae family. tomato is a fruit of solanales.
kochi is the leader of kerala. awh engineering college is in kerala state.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, which was established in 1928, is affiliated with european university association. The headquarters of the school is in brussels.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo, the former being a french national.
blockbuster, mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
bolt, larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster. limerick city and county council governs county limerick.
akita museum of art is in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan. brazilians are one of the country 's ethnic groups.
250 delaware avenue is located in united states where joe biden is leader. english is spoken in here.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan, which has artur rasizade as prime minister. baku is the capital of azerbaijan.
monocacy national battlefield is in frederick county, maryland. 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in it and was established july 11st 1907. The city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
ataturk monument made of bronze is located in turkey, whose leader is ahmet davutoglu. ankara is turkey.
anderson, indiana has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. anderson is 268.0 above sea level. it has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. anderson is part of adams fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is in united states it is part of indiana. angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. it has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where the leader is called new mexico and there are many asian americans. john sánchez leads new mexico.
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar, plays for vitesse arnhem, netherlands national football team and afc ajax.
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the league.
peter stöger is manager of 1. fc koln, plays for fc admira wacker modling, fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr.
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township, united states. atlantic city international airport owner is south jersey transportation authority headed by stephen dilts.
al-taqaddum air base is located in fallujah, iraq, whose leader is fuad masum. kurdish is spoken in iraq.
al-taqaddum air base is located in fallujah, iraq, whose leader is haider al-abadi. kurdish is spoken in iraq.
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling. steve bright created bananaman.
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax, which featured in big hero 6 (starring ryan potter).
bolt, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by gary cohn and ernie colon, puerto rican.
a fortress of grey ice is in hardcover with the OCLC 51969173 and ISBN 0-7653-0633-6. j.v. jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice.
a loyal character dancer is in hardcover with the OCLC 49805501 and ISBN 1-56947-301-3. a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians, published in united states was written in english, which is spoken in great britain. african americans live in here.
alan bean was born in united states of wheeler, texas. alan bean, hired by NASA in 1963, spent over 100305 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr.. nasa 's apollo 11 crew included a member. a member had january 20, 1930 awards.
alan shepard, who was born in new hampshire, was awarded distinguished service medal, which is higher than department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001. awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river flows.
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. acharya institute of technology was given the Technical Campus status by it. acharya institute offers sports including tennis. the location is the governing body of tennis.
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala and has a staff of 250. kochi is the leader of kerala.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao. pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore. standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob.
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert. philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit.
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain. native americans live in here. a loyal character dancer was published by soho press.
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states, where the language is english. english is spoken in great britain. washington dc is the capital of it. native americans live in here.
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama. americans live in here. african americans live in it.
potter county, texas is in texas. texas is located in united states, washington dc and the language is english. amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas.
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county, washington. auburn, washington has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres). auburn, washington has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre. it is part of king county, washington.
angola, indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live. americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan. the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers. baku is the capital of azerbaijan. azerbaijan 's leader is artur rasizade. its 's leader is prime minister.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan. baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade. the legislature in it is national assembly. the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers.
ataturk monument is located in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul. turkey is led by ahmet davutoglu. its 's leader is president of turkey.
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala and has a staff of 250. awh engineering college was established in 2001.
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, india. mumbai is its 's largest city. kochi is the leader of kerala. ganges is a river in india.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association. The city of the city is governed by magistrate. The headquarters of the school is in brussels. mols is to the northeast of it.
american duncan rouleau created baymax. baymax was created by steven t. seagle. big hero 6 stars alan tudyk.
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio. italian 's leader is pietro grasso. ac lumezzane ground is in italy.
the olympic stadium is located in marousi. gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while also being a manager at aek athens fc their ground ground is in the olympic stadium.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome, the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella. italy is inhabited by italians.
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji. bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour. it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india.
batchoy comes from philippines, where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups. philippine spanish is spoken in philippines.
ajoblanco is from spain, where spaniards live. felipe vi is the leader of it. susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire. he was a member of the apollo 14 crew. his 's distinguished service medal from the u.s. navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal. apollo 14 was organized by nasa.
buzz aldrin is united states. nasa 's apollo 11 crew included a member. a member, fighter pilot, was born in glen ridge, new jersey.
alan shepard, who was born in new hampshire, was awarded distinguished service medal, which is higher than department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california. he was united states.
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac-130. usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada. operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers. lockheed c-130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan with runway 18l/36r at 3310.0 long. it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. greece is led by alexis tsipras. its 's leader is prokopis pavlopoulos. greek is spoken in greece.
200 public square is located in cleveland, united states. cleveland is part of ohio in cuyahoga county, ohio. the building was completed in 1985.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark. marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it. marriott international is the tenant of the hotel.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, at the following addres : 142 nakadori. akita museum of art are three floors at akita prefecture.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.




native americans live in united states.
abel hernández is uruguay national football team.
basim qasim manages al-zawraa sc.
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with a.s. roma


british people live in united kingdom.

1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.

aaron s. daggett was awarded purple heart. aaron s. daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and went on to attend technical institute, kaduna.
battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle. airey neave was involved in battle of france.
al kharaitiyat sc manages alaa abdul-zahra and attends amar osim.
aleksander barkov, jr. played for florida panthers it was born in tampere, finland.
fc dinamo batumi was at levan khomeriki and manages aleksandre guruli.

alfredo zitarrosa is milonga (music).
anders osborne is rhythm and blues.



aida cruises operate aidaluna. aida cruises is in rostock.
airbus group owns airbus defence and space.

adam koc was involved in polish -- soviet war. leon trotsky was the polish -- soviet war commander.
agnes kant was was born in west germany and was a student at radboud university nijmegen.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory. albert jennings fountain was born in staten island.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham, england.


aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
alex day is synthpop.
rome is the capital of italy.
rome is the capital of italy.
aida cruises owns aidaluna. caterpillar inc. is in illinois.
aaron hunt is affiliated with goslarer sc 08 it plays for sv werder bremen it plays for vfl wolfsburg.

alan martin (footballer) plays for motherwell f.c.. it plays for accrington stanley f.c.. accrington stanley f.c. is based in accrington.
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul-zahra and plays for amar osim and al-zawraa sc. its 's ground is in al khor.
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul-zahra and plays for amar osim and shabab al-ordon club. its 's ground is in al khor.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989. aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar it is 185.0 (centimetres) high. it plays for fc dynamo moscow.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham but died in chennai.
1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj.



costa crociere owns aidastella. it is operated by aida cruises. costa crociere is located in genoa.
albennie jones is rhythm and blues.
alex day is electronic music.
agustín barboza died in asunción, gran asunción. paraguay 's leader is juan afara. agustín barboza died in paraguay.
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo. abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london. airey neave was involved in battle of france.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.

guiana space centre is headquartered in french guiana. arianespace is located in courcouronnes. ela-3 is operated by arianespace.
caterpillar inc. is located in peoria, illinois. aidaluna is owned by aida cruises. caterpillar inc. was founded in united states douglas r. oberhelman is the key person for it.
a.c. milan manages alessio romagnoli and plays for siniša mihajlović and u.c. sampdoria. a.c. milan play in serie a
u.s. città di palermo manages abel hernández and plays for giuseppe iachini and uruguay national football team. abel hernández is affiliated with central español central español play in uruguayan segunda división
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow. fc spartak moscow 's chairman is sergey rodionov. its 's ground is in grozny.
james craig watson is canada. james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. it died in madison, wisconsin.
walter baade was born in german empire, graduated from university of göttingen, and died in göttingen.

abdul taib mahmud was born in miri, malaysia. it lives in kuching it originates from asajaya. abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21st 1936.
agnes kant is netherlands. agnes kant lives in doesburg khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives (netherlands). mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland. albert b. white died in parkersburg, west virginia. its 's birthplace is cleveland.

al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
twilight (band) is black metal.