flemish government operates antwerp international airport.
danes live in denmark.
united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya.
carroll county (maryland) is located to the southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539.
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald-examiner.
new york city is part of new netherland.
the english language is spoken in aenir.
a american journal of mathematics covers the academic discipline of mathematics.
a ethnic group of the united states are asian americans.
a.d. isidro metapán plays in salvadoran primera división.
gubbio is found in umbria.
st. vincent–st. mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university, alba iulia is in alba.
mahé (india) is located to the northwest of kerala.
the capital of romania is bucharest.
nasa selected buzz aldrin in 1963.
california is well known for the benitoite gemstone.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
ben urich is also known as benjamin urich.
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski.
karl kesel is from americans.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county (california).
orange county, california is in the united states.
united states house of representatives is in united states capitol.
shumai can be a variation of batagor.
bionico is found in jalisco.
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia.
11th mississippi infantry monument, which is a contributing property, was established in 2000.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield, the nearest city to which is frederick (maryland).
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial, which is in azerbaijan, is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
arlington, texas, the total area of which is 258.22 square kilometres, is 184 meters above the sea level.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states, the capital of which is washington (d.c.).
albany, oregon is part of the united states, the capital of which is washington (d.c.).
ayam penyet, which comes from indonesia, is found in malaysia.
baked alaska, which contains sponge cake, comes from france.
the main ingredient in beef kway teow, which comes from singapore and indonesia, are kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula melaka,sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil.
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan, the leader of which is anwar zaheer jamali.
the length of the runway of angola international airport is 3800.86 meters. the angola international airport serves luanda.
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township (new jersey). egg harbor township, new jersey is in the united states.
a.c. chievo verona plays in verona (italy). the stadium of a.c. chievo verona has 39371 seats.
rolando maran, born in italy, is the manager of a.c. chievo verona.
azal pfk, which is in shuvalan (baku, azerbaijan), plays in azal arena.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis, which follows the grantville gazettes.
a fortress of grey ice, the isbn number of which is 0-7653-0633-6, has 672 pages.
a long long way, the isbn number of which is 0-670-03380-4, has 292 pages.
1 decembrie 1918 university, alba iulia, which is in alba, is also known as uab.
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university. the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum.
the awh engineering college is in kerala, the leader of which is kochi.
graeme garden stars in bananaman, which stv broadcasts.
a character in big hero 6 (film) is baymax, which steven t. seagle created.
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski, which is also known as bo bibbowski.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge (new jersey). glen ridge, new jersey is part of essex county (new jersey).
william anders was born in british hong kong.
william anders, who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m.s., is retired.
108 st georges terrace, which was completed in 1988, has 50 floors.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, the tenant of which is marriott international, is in copenhagen.
3arena is in dublin.
elliot see, born in dallas, graduated from university of texas at austin. he is from the united states.
elliot see, who died in st. louis, graduated from university of texas at austin. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966 in st. louis. it is part of kingdom of france.
a severed wasp, published in the united states, is written in english language, spoken in great britain.
above the veil, the author of which is garth nix, has 248 pages. it can be found in hardcover.
garth nix is the author of aenir, in which the english language is spoken. above the veil follows it.
a.c. lumezzane, which plays in lega pro/a, is also known as associazione calcio lumezzane spa. the stadium of a.c. lumezzane has 4150 seats.
afc ajax (amateurs) plays in amsterdam. eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam, part of which is amsterdam-centrum.
john van den brom, who plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a.ş., is the manager of az alkmaar.
the construction of alan b. miller hall began in march 30, 2007. it houses the mason school of business, which is in the united states.
julia morgan, born in san francisco, designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths, built in 1904, is in added to the national register of historic places in new york city on april 23 (1980).
the population density of albuquerque, new mexico, the leader of which is the new mexico senate, is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometer. the total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey, the capital of which is trenton (new jersey). it is in the united states.
angola, indiana is in the united states, in which the english language is spoken. an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans.
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid (new york) and saranac lake (new york). the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters.
united states air force, which was involved in the invasion of grenada, operates al asad airbase. it has the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft fighter.
andrews county airport is in texas, the capital of which is austin (texas). the english language is spoken in it.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, found in adams county (pennsylvania), is in gettysburg (pennsylvania). carroll county (maryland) is located to the southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial, the native name of which is türk şehitleri anıtı, is in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan, the leader of which is artur rasizade. the national assembly (azerbaijan) legislates it azerbaijan.
barny cakes comes from france. claude bartolone is the leader of france, the leader of which is manuel valls.
binignit, which is a dessert, contains sago. cookie can be a variation of dessert.
amatriciana sauce contains tomato. a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales.
the awh engineering college is in kerala, the leader of which is kochi. mahé (india) is located to the northwest of kerala.
aarhus university, school of business and social sciences, established in 1928, is affiliated with european university association. brussels is the headquarters of the european university association.
the aarhus university, school of business and social sciences, established in 1928, is in aarhus and denmark.
rené goscinny, who is from french people, created the character asterix, which albert uderzo created.
gardner fox created the character blockbuster, which is also known as mark desmond. carmine infantino created it.
ernie colón created the character bolt, which is also known as larry bolatinsky. gary cohn created it.
adare manor is in adare and county limerick. it is part of munster. the limerick city and county council governs it.
akita museum of art is in japan and akita (akita). akita, akita is part of akita prefecture. an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan.
250 delaware avenue is in the united states, in which the english language is spoken. the leader of the united states is the president of the united states. joe biden is the leader of the united states.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku. the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument, which is in monocacy national battlefield, was established on july 11 (1907). it is in frederick county (maryland). the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield is frederick (maryland).
atatürk monument (izmir), which is in turkey, is made of bronze. ahmet davutoğlu is the leader of turkey. the capital of turkey is ankara.
the population density of anderson, indiana, the total area of which is 107 square kilometers, is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometer. it is 267.919 meters above the sea level.
angola, indiana is in the united states. the total area of angola, indiana is 16.55 square kilometres.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico, which is in the united states, is the new mexico senate, the leader of which is john sánchez. an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans.
john van den brom, who plays for vitesse arnhem, afc ajax and netherlands national football team, is the manager of az alkmaar.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro série c, which is in brazil, in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca. it is in arapiraca.
peter stöger, who plays for sk vorwärts steyr, fc admira wacker mödling and fk austria wien, is the manager of 1. fc köln.
south jersey transportation authority, the leader of which is stephen dilts, owns the atlantic city international airport, which is in egg harbor township (new jersey). egg harbor township, new jersey is in the united states.
the al-taqaddum air base serves fallujah. the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq. fuad masum is the leader of iraq, it is in which.
the al-taqaddum air base serves fallujah, which is in iraq. haider al-abadi is the leader of iraq, in which the kurdish languages are spoken.
jill shilling stars in bananaman, which steve bright created. bananaman, which stv broadcasts, first aired on october 03, 1983.
duncan rouleau, who is from americans, created baymax. ryan potter stars in big hero 6 (film).
ernie colón, who is from puerto ricans, created the character bolt, which is also known as larry bolatinsky. gary cohn created it.
a fortress of grey ice, the author of which is j. v. jones, can be found in hardcover. the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173. the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer, the isbn number of which is 1-56947-301-3. it can be found in hardcover. the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians, published in the united states, is written in english language, spoken in great britain. an ethnic group of the united states are african americans.
alan bean, born in wheeler (texas), is from the united states. he spent 100305 minutes in space. nasa selected him in 1963.
buzz aldrin, the birth name of which is edwin eugene aldrin jr., was a crew member of apollo 11, which nasa operates. he received the 20 awards.
alan shepard, born in new hampshire, died in california. he received the awards from the distinguished service medal. the distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
awh engineering college, established in 2001, is in india and kuttikkattoor. a river is ganges in it.
all india council for technical education, which is in mumbai, gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology. it offers tennis, which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation.
awh engineering college, which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor, has 250 employees. kochi is the leader of kerala.
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa, found in paisa region, are red beans, ork belly, whiterice,ground meat,chicharon,fried egg,plantain(patacones),chorizo, arepa and hogao sauce,black pudding(morcilla),avocadoandlemon. bandeja paisa, which contains hogao, comes from colombian cuisine.
beef kway teow, which comes from singapore and indonesia, is found in singapore. the standard chinese language is spoken in it. halimah yacob is the leader of singapore.
binignit, which comes from philippines, is a dessert. sandesh (confectionery) can be a variation of dessert. the philippine english language is spoken in it.
the publisher of a loyal character dancer, published in the united states, is soho press. an ethnic group of the united states, in which the english language is spoken, are native americans in the united states. the english language is spoken about in great britain.
the english language, spoken in the united states, is spoken about in great britain. a severed wasp is published in the united states. the capital of the united states, an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states, is washington (d.c.).
1634: the ram rebellion is published in the united states. barack obama is the leader of the united states, americans live in which. the capital of the united states is washington (d.c.). an ethnic group of the united states are african americans.
amarillo, texas is part of potter county (texas). the potter county, texas is in texas, which is in the united states. the capital of the united states is washington (d.c.). the english language is spoken in it.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county (washington) and king county (washington). the total area of auburn, washington, which is in the united states, is 774 square kilometers. the population density of auburn, washington is 914.792 inhabitants per square kilometer.
angola, indiana is part of steuben county (indiana). it is in the united states, in which the english language is spoken. americans live in the united states. an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial, which is in azerbaijan, is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the capital of azerbaijan is baku. the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial, which is in azerbaijan, is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the capital of azerbaijan is baku. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan. the national assembly (azerbaijan) legislates it azerbaijan.
atatürk monument (izmir) is in turkey, the leader of which is the president of turkey. ahmet davutoğlu is the leader of turkey. the capital of turkey is ankara. the largest city in turkey is istanbul.
awh engineering college, which has 250 employees, was established in 2001. the awh engineering college is in kerala and kuttikkattoor. mahé (india) is located to the northwest of kerala.
awh engineering college is in india and kerala. the largest city in, a river ganges, india is mumbai. kochi is the leader of kerala.
the aarhus university, school of business and social sciences, which is affiliated with european university association, is in aarhus, which the magistrate governs. brussels is the headquarters of the european university association. mols is located to the northeast of aarhus.
duncan rouleau, who is from americans, created baymax, which steven t. seagle created. it is a character in big hero 6 (film), alan tudyk stars in which.
michele marcolini, who plays for f.c. bari 1908 and vicenza calcio, is the manager of a.c. lumezzane. it plays in italy. pietro grasso is the leader of italy.
gus poyet, who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f.c., is the manager of aek athens f.c.. it plays in olympic stadium (athens). it is in marousi.
a.s. gubbio 1910 plays in italy. the italian language is spoken in it. italians live in italy, the capital of which is rome. sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
bhajji, found in karnataka, comes from india. a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji. it contains gram flour. the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
batchoy comes from philippines. the arabic language is spoken in it. an ethnic group of philippines, in which the philippine spanish language is spoken, are zamboangans. an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino.
ajoblanco, which comes from spain, is found in andalusia. felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain, spaniards live in which. susana díaz is the leader of andalusia.
alan shepard, born in new hampshire, was a crew member of apollo 14, which nasa operates. he received the awards from the distinguished service medal. the distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge (new jersey). he is from the united states. he is a fighter pilot. nasa operates apollo 11.
alan shepard, who died in california, is from the united states. he was born in new hampshire. he received the awards from the distinguished service medal. the distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
united states air force, which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom, operates al asad airbase. it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac-130. it uses the lockheed c-130 hercules as aircraft transport.
allama iqbal international airport, which pakistan civil aviation authority operates, is in pakistan. the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport, the name of which is 18l/36r, is 3310 meters. the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore.
athens, which the athens international airport serves, is in greece, the leader of which is prokopis pavlopoulos. alexis tsipras is the leader of greece. the greek language is spoken in it.
200 public square, which was completed in 1985, is in cleveland. it is in the united states.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which marriott international operates, is in denmark, the leader of which is lars løkke rasmussen. it was founded in washington (d.c.). the greenlandic language is spoken in it.
akita museum of art, which has 3 floors, is in japan, akita (akita) and akita prefecture. it is located at 1-4-2 nakadori.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge (london).
alvah sabin belongs to the whig party (united states).
juan perón belongs to the labour party (argentina).
the layout of acura tlx is awd (vehicle).
alfa romeo 164 is also known as lancia thema.
a ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states.
abel hernández plays for uruguay national football team.
basim qasim is the manager of al-zawra'a sc.
alessio romagnoli plays for the a.s. roma youthclub.
abradab was a solo singer.
aleksandra kovač was a solo singer.
british people live in the united kingdom.
carl a. wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 da.
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc.
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4.41092e8 kilometers.
aaron s. daggett, which received the awards from the purple heart, was involved in the battle of gettysburg.
abdulsalami abubakar, who graduated from technical institute (kaduna), was born in minna.
airey neave was involved in the battle of france. hugo sperrle was the commander during battle of france.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc, the manager of which is amar osim.
aleksander barkov, jr., born in tampere (finland), plays for florida panthers.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi, the manager of which is levan khomeriki.
the label of ace wilder, who was a solo singer, is warner music group.
alfredo zitarrosa, who was a solo singer, plays for milonga (music).
anders osborne, the label of which is rabadash records, plays for rhythm and blues.
james craig watson, who died of peritonitis, discovered 101 helena.
james craig watson, who died of peritonitis, discovered 103 hera.
110 lydia, the orbital period of which is 1.42603e+08, was last seen in december 31 (2006 (jd2454100.5)).
aida cruises, which is in rostock, operates aidaluna.
airbus defence and space, the parent company of which is airbus group, manufactured the ariane 5.
atlas ii, the diameter of which is 3.04 m, last flew on march 16, 1998.
adam koc was involved in the polish–soviet war. polish–soviet war is part of russian civil war. leon trotsky was the commander during polish–soviet war.
agnes kant, who is member of the house of representatives, graduated from radboud university nijmegen. he was born in west germany.
albert jennings fountain, born in new york city and staten island, died in new mexico territory.
n. r. pogson, born in nottingham, discovered 107 camilla. he is from england.
109 felicitas, the mass of which is 7500.0, was last seen in december 31 (2006 (jd2454100.5)). the orbital period of 109 felicitas is 1.39705e+08.
the mass of 110 lydia, the periapsis of which is 3.77016e+11, is 6700.0. it was last seen on december 31 (2006).
aleksandra kovač, who played with k2 (kovač sisters duo), played in bebi dol. he plays for pop music.
aleksandra kovač, who played in k2 (kovač sisters duo), plays for rhythm and blues. he played with kristina kovač.
alex day plays for synthpop, pop music has which influenced. disco has influenced it.
alfa romeo 164, which is also known as fiat croma, was assembled in italy. the capital of italy is rome.
alfa romeo 164, which is related to lancia thema, was assembled in italy. the capital of italy is rome.
aida cruises operates aidaluna, the engine of which is caterpillar inc.. it is in illinois.
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg, the goslarer sc 08 youthclub and sv werder bremen.
akeem ayers, draft an in round 2 and an in position 39, played in history of the st. louis rams.
alan martin (footballer, born 1989) plays for motherwell f.c. and accrington stanley f.c.. it plays in accrington.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al-zawraa sc and al kharaitiyat sc. al kharaitiyat sc, the manager of which is amar osim, plays in al khor.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al-ordon club. al kharaitiyat sc, the manager of which is amar osim, plays in al khor.
aleksandr prudnikov, the height of which is 185.0 centimetres, was born on february 24, 1989. he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow.
n. r. pogson, who died in chennai, discovered 107 camilla, discovered on march 01 (2001). he was born in nottingham.
1101 clematis, which was formerly known as 1928 sj, was last seen in december 31 (2006 (jd2454100.5)). the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1.83309e+08. the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4.45895e+11.
1101 clematis, the escape velocity of which is 72.0 kilometers per second, was last seen in december 31 (2006 (jd2454100.5)). the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1.83309e+08. the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4.45895e+11.
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs-3, the length of which is 17068.8 millimetres. the engine of alco rs-3 is v12 engine. it was made in may 1950 &amp;ndash; august 1956.
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares (rocket), which last flew on october 28, 2014. antares (rocket) was first launched from mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21, 2013.
aida cruises operates aidastella, which meyer werft manufactured. costa crociere, which is in genoa, operates it.
albennie jones, who plays for rhythm and blues, was active in 1950. blues has influenced it. it has influenced disco.
alex day, who plays for electronic music, played in chameleon circuit (band). he played with charlie mcdonnell. he was active in 2006.
agustín barboza died in asunción and paraguay. it is part of gran asunción. juan afara is the leader of paraguay.
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud, which lives in sarawak. abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak. he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo.
airey neave, born in knightsbridge (london), was involved in the battle of france. he was active on june 30, 1953. he was active on march 30, 1979.
alfred n. phillips, whom albert e. austin succeeded, belongs to the democratic party (united states). alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut. he is from connecticuts 4th district.
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares (rocket), which last flew on july 13, 2014. antares (rocket) was first launched from mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on october 28, 2014. the diameter of antares (rocket) is 3.9 metres.
arianespace is in courcouronnes. ariane 5 was launched from ela-3. ela-3, which it operates, was launched from guiana space centre. french guiana is the headquarters of the guiana space centre.
aida cruises operates aidaluna, the engine of which is caterpillar inc.. douglas r. oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc.. it was founded in the united states. it is in peoria (illinois).
alessio romagnoli, who plays for defender (association football), plays for a.c. milan and → sampdoria. a.c. milan, the manager of which is siniša mihajlović, plays in serie a.
abel hernández plays for the central español youthclub, uruguay national football team and u.s. città di palermo. giuseppe iachini is the manager of u.s. città di palermo. it plays in uruguayan segunda división.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny. fc terek grozny, the manager of which is rashid rakhimov, plays in grozny. sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow.
james craig watson, who graduated from university of michigan, discovered 101 helena, discovered on august 15 (1868). he is from canada. he died in madison (wisconsin).
walter baade, who died in göttingen, discovered 1036 ganymed. he was born in german empire. he graduated from university of göttingen. he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage.
1101 clematis, the escape velocity of which is 72.0 kilometers per second, was last seen in december 31 (2006 (jd2454100.5)). the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1.83309e+08. the mass of 1101 clematis is 5.7 kilograms. the apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 5.20906e8 kilometers.
abdul taib mahmud, found in asajaya, belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu. abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching. he was born on may 21, 1936 in miri (malaysia).
agnes kant, who is house of representatives (netherlands), is from netherlands, the leader of which is mark rutte. it lives in doesburg. khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives (netherlands).
the spouse of albert b. white, born in cleveland, is agnes ward white. he died in parkersburg (west virginia). william m. o. dawson succeeded it. he was born in bloomington (maryland).
andrew white (musician), who played with marry banilow, played in kaiser chiefs. the label of andrew white (musician), the label of which is polydor records, is b-unique records. he was active in 2003.
al anderson (nrbq) plays guitar. he plays for rock music, which has influenced bhangra (music). country music has influenced it. blues has influenced it.
aaron turner, who played in old man gloom, played with twilight (band), which plays for black metal. he plays electric guitar. it has influenced death metal.